Add data-revision warning for retrospective forecasting and evaluation (#508)
hubverse-org/hubDocs: docs/source/user-guide/target-data.md

[^truth]: Time series data is sometimes referred to as "ground truth" data, but
    we no longer use this term in the hubverse.

:::{admonition} Data revisions, retrospective forecasting, and evaluation
:class: warning
:name: data-revisions-warning

> Forecasts in a real-time hub were made using the data **available at the time**. Surveillance data is often revised after its initial release (reporting delays, backfill, and corrections), so the observed value for a given target date can change in later data versions. In practice, evaluating on finalized data can make retrospective performance look substantially better than it really was in real time.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Forecasts in a real-time hub were made using the data **available at the time**. Surveillance data is often revised after its initial release (reporting delays, backfill, and corrections), so the observed value for a given target date can change in later data versions. In practice, making predictions using finalized data and then evaluated with that same data can make retrospective performance look substantially better than it really was in real time.
```

The original way the last sentence in this paragraph was worded wasn't quite accurate, so I tried to revise based on what I think the intended meaning was.
